docs: character limit for forms without displaying a counter (#1662)
siemens/ix: packages/documentation/docs/controls/forms/_forms-field_code.mdx

### Counter

> To display a counter on inputs or textareas, use the attribute `maxLength`. If you prefer not to display a counter, instead apply validation rules to set a character limit for the input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display a counter on inputs or textareas, use the attribute `maxLength`. If you prefer not to display a counter, programmatically apply a custom validation.
```
